Next, we're actually going to look at creating a Lidar for our simulation environment.
So we were talking a little bit before about this lidar.h file.
It's in sensors.
This is actually what we'll be using to create this virtual Lidar,
and then use it to scan the environment and create some PointCloud data with it.
The first thing we're going to do though is actually visualize what
these Lidar rays look like as they're being cast from this virtual Lidar unit.
So what I want you to do then is back in the workspace environment.
We will be looking at the simple highway function.
Basically, there's a to-do there and it's to create a Lidar object.
So what I'd like you to do basically in right at to-do,
where it says create Lidar sensor,
is to create this Lidar object.
In order to do that,
go ahead and checkout in "Sensors" lidar.h and see how that's defined.
So basically, what the Lidar object is, it's a struct.
It has some parameters for holding a PointCloud,
and it has a constructor that you'll be using to set it up.
So right here in line 85 in lidar.h, check this out.
This is how you actually instantiate the Lidar and look at what it's using.
So these parameters that's taking in are used to actually do the ray casting.
It's basically telling the Lidar what physical objects rays can bounce off of.
The objects here in our simulation environment are cars,
and this ground slope value.
So here we're just talking about this very horizontal ground,
so we'll actually just be using zero for that.
The cars that we get,
that'll actually be from this init highway.
It'll be generating these cars for us and returning that.
So you can actually instantiate this Lidar object back in the environment.cpp.
Let's instantiate it on the heap.
So in order to instantiate on the heap,
you want to be using the new keyword.
The reason we're doing it on the heap instead of the stack is well this Lidar is
actually going to be holding this PointCloud and
maybe it could potentially be very large.
On the stack, we only have about two megabytes to work from.
On the heap, they can be much larger.
So let's go ahead and instantiate that Lidar object on the heap using the new keyword.
So it'll be this Lidar pointer and then new Lidar.
I'll use this declaration here for setting up
the arguments which are the cars that are returned from init highway,
and then zero for the ground plane.
So check out this lidar.h file and then go back into environment.cpp,
and see if you can create this Lidar object in the simple highway function in the to-do.